who can determine
whether you are indeed sick enough to report sick
of work you or your employer
the answer is neither
the company doctor is about 1 sick report
your employer
ishoogstwaarschijnlijk
not a doctor and can do with the best Will in the world
have no judgment about your illness
your employer is in doubt
to your sickness report
and thinks you can come to work anyway
then your employer can only do one thing
so call company doctor
HAVE you reported sick
and it doesn't look like you'll get better soon
then your employer must call in the company doctor
In any case,
this must be done within 6 weeks
as long as you have been reported sick and your company doctor
nothing has come by
then you don't have to come to work
and you do
ordinary right to continued payment of Wage in the event of illness